In a season filled with noise, with full calendars, full schedules, and full hands, we can still find ourselves feeling empty.
But Christmas was never meant to be crowded.
It was meant to be clear, simple, uncluttered.
When we make room, we discover the gift that was there all along.
All right, good morning.
Man, how many of you are excited to be in the house of the Lord?
Amen.
I'm so excited that you're here, delighted that you've chosen to come hang out with us today.
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Pastor Chris.
My wife and I, we just get the honor of
of hanging out with you all and being a part of what God's doing and leading, kind of the charge that God's placed upon our hearts.
Not just here in Sedalia, but at our Warrensburg location and Lincoln and online, all you folks online.
Thanks for hanging out with us.
I encourage you to come check things out in person.
I know sometimes that's not possible and it's a lot nicer to sit on the recliner with your socks on, and I guess you guys got socks on too.
But Jammas on, I'm glad you don't have a Jammas on this morning, but we're glad that you're with us.
If you are a guest and you're in the house today, do me a quick favor, grab that connect card, help us get to know you in a greater capacity.
The only way we can walk with you is if we know you.
So grab that, fill that out, help us to
to make that connection with you.
Catch me in the lobby.
If we haven't had a chance to talk, I'd love to get to know you personally and put a name with the face.
I see all the cards as they come in each week and it's nice to be able to go, yeah, I had a conversation with them in the lobby or I talked to them after service, that kind of thing.
But I am glad that you're here this morning.
Man, can you believe that we are just a couple of weeks away from Christmas?
This is wild.
This year has flown by.
Earlier this week, man, I had like already sped my time up and I thought the next week was Christmas.
Somebody's looking at the calendar.
I'm like, well, next week's a little hairy, you know.
We got Christmas coming up and they're like, we've got an extra week.
And I'm like, I have an extra week.
I've got more time.
Yeah, it's going to be fantastic.
Hey, a lot of things happening here at the church.
Be apart tonight.
We have our celebration.
family service.
A lot of fun things.
We'll have some elements here in the worship center as we gather together and just worship God and have some great time here.
But then we're going to have activities around the building.
You're going to want to be here tonight.
It's going to be a lot of fun for all ages.
And then next Sunday morning our candlelight service.
Great times as we celebrate the true reason
for the season.
Now this morning, we're going to continue in a short four-part series.
We're processing through the Christmas story.
And can I be honest with you, as a pastor, Christmas and Easter are probably the hardest seasons for a pastor.
Because it's the same story that you've got to tell in a different way so people see it in a different light each and every year.
So this year we're taking some time.
We're looking at what does it take for us to move beyond the cluttered mess of life.
Would we all agree that life is cluttered?
Come on, our calendars are jam-packed.
We have more Christmas parties than we really need to have.
And everyone has a gift exchange.
And it's only $20, but 20 times 25 is a lot.
Right?
Yeah, I thought I was done with Christmas parties.
And my wife told me just a couple of days ago, we have two more, and both of which have gift exchanges.
So I'm just going to recycle gifts that I got to the previous gift exchanges, because that's what you all do anyway.
Come on, somebody.
We know the truth.
The truth will set you free this morning.
Yeah.
Christmas season, a time that's supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year, a season of time when we're supposed to gather together, we see the hallmark movies and life is so calm and peaceful, maybe somebody pulls up to your house and like, hey, let's go out for some pizza and you're like, what are we gonna drive?
And they open the front door and there's the horse and buggy and the nice snow on the road and they take you down the road and the horse and buggy, right?
Come on, when's the last time that happened in your neighborhood?
No, you're like, let's try to get out of the driveway because the snow was piled up and we get stuck.
I remember last year I was trying to go someplace in the church and it had a meeting to get to and I pulled out and instantly got stuck in the road.
That's a good time, right?
So life gets cluttered, life gets busy.
A lot of things begin to happen, but the goal of this series is that we move beyond the clutter and into a place of resting in and truly enjoying this most wonderful time of the year.
This morning, I wanna move into a portion of the Christmas story.
That truth be told, it's a short little segment.
It's oftentimes,
overlooked.
It doesn't seem real important, but as I began to process through this mindset of busyness and clutter, I realized that we had to pause just for a moment and talk about a time when Mary goes to her cousin's house and something unique happens in the conversation.
Let's take a look at what's going on here.
Luke chapter two.
Now, I'm chapter one, rather.
Mind you, the angel of the Lord has just appeared to Mary.
We don't know exactly how long transpired between this conversation that Mary had with the angel of the Lord, when the angel of the Lord came to her and said,
Blessed woman you're going to have a child and he is gonna be the son of the most high and the Holy Spirit's gonna overpower you You know you're gonna call him Jesus and all of these things transpire and Mary says that she's bewildered She's cast out in her mind, but she ultimately agrees and said Lord whatever you have Whatever you have said let it come true.
You all remember the story, right?
If not you were gone two weeks ago because we talked about it Yeah, but this happened just maybe a few days or
perhaps a couple of weeks after that occurrence.
It wasn't very long in the process.
I don't believe that Mary was really showing.
She was probably like a lot of young moms, maybe I shouldn't say this, but I'm going to.
You know, maybe they're like three weeks pregnant and they're already doing this.
Come on, you all remember the first time you were pregnant, right?
Yeah, no, no.
Okay, I'm just gonna move on because you guys aren't enjoying that moment.
So Mary's going on.
This conversation happens.
So look what it says in Luke chapter one.
It says, a few days later, so this is after the angel of the Lord has a conversation with Mary.
Mary responds, I'm the Lord serving me.
Everything you have said about me come true.
And instantly the next verse says a few days later.
So not very much longer after that.
Mary hurried.
The King James says she went with haste.
This is the same word that's used when the shepherds left their sheep and they went to find the Christ child.
They went with haste.
In other words, they were hurried in the moment to the hill country of Judea to the town where Zechariah lived.
She entered a house and greeted Elizabeth at the sound of Mary's greeting.
Elizabeth's child leaped
within her.
Now Elizabeth was six months pregnant with John the Baptist.
Now he wasn't John the Baptist at that point.
He's probably just John.
He hadn't baptized anybody because he was a baby in the belly, right?
But we know him later as John the Baptist, the precursor, the one that kind of paved the way for Jesus to come in.
And the baby within her leaps and Elizabeth was filled
with the Holy Spirit.
Elizabeth gave a glad cry and exclaimed to Mary, God has blessed you above all women, and your child is blessed.
Why am I so honored that the mother of my Lord should visit me?
When I heard your greeting, the baby in my womb jumped for joy.
You are blessed because you believed that the Lord would do what he said.
Here is what I hope that we'll grasp today.
We must choose to make room for joy.
Now this entire year we've been in a series or a theme of make room.
We've talked about making room in our
personalized, making room in our family, making room in his church, making room in the world.
We kind of extended that to all areas.
What happens when we make room for God to move?
In fact, we've got church that say, see what God will do.
It says, make room, making space for God.
And all of these things are transpired.
So as we look at Mary's moment, this situation, I can't help but think that Mary made room
for joy.
No doubt she experienced backlash.
Becoming pregnant, she wasn't even married.
She was engaged, but she wasn't married.
No doubt there was a difficult conversation with Joseph.
Her mom and dad probably questioned what really happened.
Come on mom's dad.
Your teenage daughter walks up and says, hey, by the way, the angel of the Lord appeared to me.
I want you to picture this.
You're watching TV.
You've been Netflix surfing all night long.
You've been watching the same series.
You're hanging out and settling your teenage daughter walks in the room and she says, hey mom, hey dad, guess what?
The angel of the Lord just appeared to me and I'm pregnant, but don't worry, the Holy Spirit came upon me and it's the son of the Most High God.
I'm just saying, who's the boy I need to talk to?
Right, right, right.
So no doubt there was a lot of conversation.
A lot of things happened, but Mary in this moment, rather than being consumed by the situation, rather than being consumed by the conversations, rather than being consumed with the opposition, Mary chose to make room for joy.
And I look at our lives today and I realize that we have a lot of opportunity
to fill the space in our lives with clutter.
But I would suggest to you today, what would happen instead of letting clutter fill the space?
What if you chose joy?
Well, Pastor, I choose joy if things went a little better.
Can I just say to you that joy isn't necessarily a time when everything's going great?
Joy is a moment when you step into the very presence of God.
See, that's what happened in Mary and Elizabeth's moments.
It wasn't that Mary walked into the house, and Elizabeth had been cleaning, and she had put all the clutter away.
And the house was spotless.
It looked better than ever before.
And because everything was perfect in place in the house, the baby within Elizabeth leaped.
Good job, Mom.
You cleaned the house.
That's not what happened, was it?
But it was at the presence of the Lord, something changed.
What would happen in your life today amongst the clutter, amongst the difficult conversations, amongst the opposition, the fear, the doubts, the uncertainty?
What would happen if in that moment rather than
Giving moment and rather than giving environment to that You said Lord I Make room For you Lord, I step into Your presence That's the goal of this series for us to understand that in this busy season We must personally choose joy
Can I just tell you, I can't choose joy for you.
Oh, I'm just telling you, there's some people I wish I could choose joy for.
I'm like, bro, you need some Jesus, right?
I mean, a lot of people hand out those little Jesus.
There's some people I'm like, I wish I had like the like, foot tall size.
Right, we wish that we could choose joy for other people, but truth be told, I can only choose joy for me.
You can only choose joy for you.
In fact, look at your neighbor today and just tell them, choose joy.
Come on, put that in the chat.
I must choose joy.
Choose joy today.
In this conversation, at just the greeting of Mary, the baby in Elizabeth's womb, leaps.
So here's what I've discovered.
Joy is discovered.
as we make room for Jesus to move in our lives.
As we make room and say, God, would you do what only you can do?
God, would you take me only where you can take me?
God, would you speak in a way that only you can speak?
God, would you guide me in a way that only you can do?
God, would you help me, God, to settle into you and not the craziness and chaos and clutter of life?
Oh, we've talked about uncluttered hope.
We've talked about uncluttered peace, but today we're looking at the idea of uncluttering our life and offering the joy that can come from Christ and Christ alone.
We sing songs like joy to the world.
We're just saying it a few moments ago.
We love the songs.
We sing them boisterously.
We sing them at the top of our lungs.
But truth be told, for many, December feels more like a drain.
than it does in the lights.
We get buried under the to-do list.
Any to-do list makers in the house?
Oh, I love my to-do list.
Man, my to-do list makes me happy.
I have a notepad in my office and every day, in fact, I did this this morning.
I put like three things on my to-do list for tomorrow and I make lists and nothing is greater than in that moment when you accomplish the task and you can scratch it off.
I used to use an app on my phone and every time I would click the little button saying it was then it would ding and give me alert.
I loved that moment.
Sometimes I just wanted to put things on the list to know that I could hear that sound.
Right?
We love to accomplish the task, but the problem is we're weighed down with the to-do list of life.
We're tangled up in the Christmas lights.
We're weighed down by expectation.
Sometimes once that we put up on ourselves, sometimes those that have thrusted upon us.
But there must be a mindset shift in our life because joy isn't the result of perfect conditions.
It's the result of a perfect Savior.
Let me say that again, because somebody needs to write that down.
Somebody needs to ingrain that in their memory today.
Joy is not a result of perfect conditions, but joy is the result of a perfect Savior.
Joy doesn't come from what's around you.
Joy comes from that which is in you.
The joy of the Lord is my strength.
That's what I want us to grab a hold of, because of the presence of the Lord, because of the presence of Jesus, this unborn child, John, the Baptist, he bleeped within his mama's womb.
Pure unfiltered, uncluttered.
Joy, very quickly for the next few moments.
I want to give you three realities, three things that I believe are going to help us as we process through exchanging the clutter of life and receiving joy.
I want to encourage you to take really good notes today.
We've got the digital outline you can get on the U version app.
or our church app, encounter church AG at your favorite app store or paper copies in the bag if you're old school and you like to write things down and those of you online should have the link right now for the outline.
But take really good notes today.
Number one, joy begins with a moments of recognition.
Joy begins with a moments of recognition.
This particular Christmas
portion of the story and there's layers of miracles they transpire.
But as we look at this, Mary is visiting Elizabeth and the story is consumed with two women in impossible situations, both carrying a miraculous promise.
First off, Mary, a young virgin is pregnant.
with the Son of God, the Savior of the world.
Now Elizabeth, the Bible says is well beyond childbearing years.
I don't know what well beyond childbearing years is, but I'm expecting she's probably pretty old.
Come on, how many of you are beyond childbearing years?
My wife and I praise God when we were younger and we had two kids.
Our goal was originally to have three.
But we had two kids, a boy, and then a girl.
And both of us, almost at the same moment, said, we're done.
We've reached perfection.
We have a boy and a girl, two cats, and a house.
We're done.
So I would say today, we are well beyond childbearing years.
So in this moment, Elizabeth is expecting a child
Many thought that she was barren.
Many thought that she wouldn't be able to have kids, but suddenly a miracle took place.
Understand something.
Nothing had changed about Mary or Elizabeth's situation that brought them to a place of uncluttered joy.
The very presence of Jesus made the difference.
Yeah, they're still living in uncertainty.
They're still surrounded by difficulty.
But joy began to flow freely into their lives.
Look what our text said again.
At the sound of Mary's greeting, Elizabeth's child leaped within her.
At the sound of Mary's greeting, I wish I had time to really process really what that means.
Man, think about this.
If we allow God as we receive Him as our Savior, as Jesus takes residence in our lives, suddenly we become the mouthpiece of the Lord.
And as we begin to speak His greeting, as we begin to speak His truth, it can change the environment.
Oh, come on somebody.
That's not even in my notes.
That's just really good stuff.
If we will allow God to flow not only in us, but through us.
the change that it can make in the environment around us.
The Bible says the baby within her leaps.
And Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit, verse 42.
Elizabeth gave a glad cry and exclaimed to Mary, God has blessed you above all women and your child is blessed.
Here's what I know.
Joy begins the moment you recognize that God is doing something even when you can't see it.
Come on.
Mary was just a few days pregnant.
You don't show on day four.
You don't show week two.
She wasn't showing.
There wasn't the visual.
Wow, it's really happening.
What the angel of the Lord said is really transpiring.
You couldn't see it, but joy occurs when we recognize the facts that just because it's not visually seen doesn't mean that God's not moving in the background.
Both Mary and Elizabeth were walking through confusing circumstances, yet they recognize God's hand in the story.
Look at this.
Elizabeth didn't say, Mary, what in the world are you going to do, girl?
No, no, no, no.
She said, you're blessed above all women because you believed.
Sometimes we lose joy because we're focused on what's wrong rather than on what God's doing right.
We allow our issues and our chaos and our clutter to become larger than our God.
But remember the words of Mary.
She says, I am the Lord, serve it.
May everything come on.
What does that word include?
Everything.
Nothing's left out.
Every detail.
Everything you have said about me come true.
In other words, God, I don't have this figured out.
I haven't really wrapped myself around this.
It's bigger than I can comprehend on my own.
And honestly, I'm a bit confused, but Lord, I trust you.
So make it happen.
God, I can't wrap it around, but Lord, I trust you.
God, I'm gonna lean into you.
Wow, what a prayer.
What a bold statement of surrender and trusting God.
And now there's a joy that fills the room and Mary breaks out in spontaneous worship to the Lord.
Man, that's awesome.
I love what the psalmist David said in Psalm 16, 11.
He said, in your presence, there is fullness of joy.
Come on, he didn't say in your presence, I'm gonna find some joy.
In your presence, there's gonna be a little bit for me to pick up.
But Lord, when I step out of myself, Lord, when I move beyond the clutter of life, Lord, when I lean in to you, Lord, then and only then, will I truly experience not just a little joy, not world's joy, but a joy unspeakable.
A joy that's full of glory.
God, there's fullness of joy as I step into you.
Something changed the moment that Mary stepped into that room.
Why?
Because the presence of the Lord was there.
Someone needs to hear this this morning.
Joy doesn't come from having the plans figured out.
It comes from recognizing the presence of the one who holds the plan.
that the Bible says that we can make plans, but only the Lord will direct the path.
We can try to figure it out, but when we begin to lean into Him, when we begin to trust in Him, when we begin to depend upon Him, God will make a way where it seems impossible, but look what it says in Colossians 1.
Jesus existed before anything else, and He holds all creation
I pulled this verse out originally because of the second half of the verse.
He holds all things.
He holds everything together.
So he holds the whole world in his hands.
We sing the song as kids, right?
He holds the whole world in his hands.
I don't know about you, we sing.
He holds the mamas and the papas and that wasn't like the 60s group.
Come on.
He holds the brothers and the sisters.
He holds you and me.
He holds the whole world in his hands.
But as I began to look at this, I realized I couldn't skim past the beginning.
Why?
Why is this important?
Because in the original language, we've got to grab hold.
It's more than just Jesus existed.
It literally means to be.
Grab ahold of this, before anything, Jesus was.
Oh, now see, that should have made somebody pretty excited this morning.
I got excited in my office as I was writing this message a few weeks ago.
I was sitting there at my desk and I was processing through it.
Like I said, I was focused on the second half, but God brought me back to the first half.
And as I began to dig into, what does it mean that Jesus existed before anything?
I realized before anything was ever here, Jesus was.
that tells me he is not limited to time.
He's not limited to space.
He's not limited to what I know or what I can comprehend, but he holds it all in his hands.
He sustains everything in my life.
He was, he is, and he always will be.
Let him hold it all together for you today.
Feeling even, your clutter consumed
life with His joy overflowing in you.
Why?
Because joy begins with a moment of recognition.
The second thing I see is this, joy is sustained in times of relationship to the source.
It's sustained, it's held together, it's supported by a relationship
To the source, come on, look at this.
It's not just random relationships that create joy.
Sometimes we force or press relationships trying to create joy.
If I just had a relationship with them, man, life would be great.
I remember as a young teenager, come on somebody.
You see that girl in the hallway and you're like, man, if I could just get her number.
Actually back then, you really didn't get their number because then her dad would answer the phone and then it was all a thing.
But you kids these days, man, you got it easy.
You can just text the girl, what's up?
We got to go through dad.
Hey, this is Chris.
I was wondering if I could talk to your daughter.
What do you want with my daughter, boy?
Man, but if we could just get that relationship, then everything would be great.
You would look at their class picture and you were like, oh, it's fantastic.
And when we try and we try, come on, you guys are looking at me like I'm the only one.
The girls in the house are like, I don't get this.
The guys all get it today.
Yeah, it didn't matter how old the yearbook was, you kept going back to that baby.
All right.
Let me plug a long year.
I'm gonna get myself in trouble.
We try and we try and we try to formulate these relationships and try and to think man, then if I can get joy, if I could just make that thing happen, but the problem is people are way too people-y.
People are fickle.
People are messy.
People are faulty.
People are gonna let us down.
We're gonna let people down.
That doesn't mean that we avoid relationships.
We were created for community.
But what I understand is this, Jesus is the true source of joy.
We must be intentional in developing a relationship with Him.
Can I just step out on a limb and say this, giving God an hour and 15 minutes on a Sunday morning isn't gonna cut it.
Now, those of you that are married in the house today, those of you that are married online today, when you began to date that, who's now your wife, when you began to date her, what would have happened if you only gave her an hour and 15 minutes a week?
She'd be like, let it go, let it go.
Don't call me anymore, yeah.
Right, right, so it's not gonna work, why?
Because you're not putting in the efforts
You're not putting in the time.
You're not being intentional to develop the relationship.
And yet sometimes we look at our relationship with God.
We come to church and we say, Lord, I come to church every week.
Why am I still struggling?
He says, cause I don't even know you.
Oh, come on.
He longs to spend time with you.
Just to be in your presence.
just to change the environment around you.
Look what the Bible says.
Jesus said in John 15, these things I have spoken to you that my joy, come on, say my joy, that my joy, whose joy?
Jesus joy, right?
Jesus said that my joy may be in you, that your joy may be full.
His joy is in us.
It consumed us in His presence.
There is fullness of joy.
His joy consumes us.
Why?
Because we step into His presence and what's the result?
Our joy is full.
Are you mathin' with me today?
Are you truckin' with me today?
When we try to do it by ourselves, our joy is depleted.
because we try to gain joy from all the things around us.
If I could just get to know her, if I could just get to know him, if I could just network together with them, then I'll have joy.
No, no, no, no.
They're going to disappoint you.
You're going to disappoint them.
Something's going to fall apart.
You don't negate the relationship, but that's not the key to open up the door to the joy unspeakable and full of glory.
But when you stall, come on, somebody.
You guys aren't even excited today.
When you step into the presence, I'm glad you're excited.
When you step into the presence of the Lord, something changes.
In His presence, there's fullness of joy, but Jesus says that my joy may be in you.
It's something that Jesus will place in escalation, says that the fruit of the Spirit is love.
Joy.
Right out of the gate, the Holy Spirit said, you're gonna need this.
Why, because John 1633, Jesus says you'll have problems.
Life's difficult.
Solomon said in Ecclesiastes, life is where he's some.
You're gonna need joy.
Joy.
peace, patience, kindness.
Nehemiah reminds us of the joy the Lord is our strength.
That's why the enemy will do overtime to distract you, to disconnect you from God's presence, why so that he can steal
kill and destroy.
He can remove your focus.
He can drain your joy.
He starts using the blame game in your life.
You're blaming everything else.
I don't have joy because of this.
No, no, no.
You don't have joy because you're stepping out of his presence and you're doing it on your own.
But when you stay close to Jesus,
when you worship, when you pray, when you rest in the Lord, when you are still before Him and you allow God to speak into your life, your heart remains full even though your calendar is cluttered.
Earlier in John 15, Jesus shares with the disciples that He is a true vine.
He says, you must remain connected to the source.
Why?
Because anything that is severed, anything that is not connected will not produce anything.
In fact, the only value it has is to be burnt and removed.
Some of you today are guilty of trying to function on a spiritual mode in a mode of spiritual life support.
The reality is you're disconnected from the source.
It would have been easy for Mary and even Elizabeth to allow the situations to take a different focus in their life
amongst the clutter, they could have looked at the uncertainty, the fear, the words of the naysayers around them, to clutter the atmosphere.
But instead, they chose, come on, they chose to embrace the presence of real joy.
Look what it says in Mary's praise.
She says, oh, how my soul praises the Lord.
How my spirit rejoices in God my Savior.
for he took notice of his lowly servant.
Can I just say to you, God sees you today.
I don't know the clutter that you're in.
I don't know what you're facing in your life, but I want you to know that God sees you.
He sees the tears.
He hears the concern.
He is ready, willing and able to reach out.
He stands at your door today, knocking and saying, would you let me come in?
Because in my presence, there's fullness of joy.
He noticed me, his lowly servant girl.
And from now on, all generations will call me blessed.
For the mighty one is holy and he has done great things for me.
Two things I wanna see very quickly.
Number one, Mary is just on the onset or perhaps in the midst of the heat of the clutter, yet she chooses joy.
She chooses to see the fact that God is doing great things in her life.
She is seeing what will be as if it already is.
Come on, that's faith.
That's faith.
That's what we stand upon today.
The second thing, she goes on,
to remember and to profess the many wonderful things that God has done, not just for her, but for all.
We must be willing to move beyond the issue.
We must be willing to press into the very presence of God, number three very quickly.
Joy is a choice that you must make.
Here's what I want you to know.
I can walk in joy
or I can walk in sorrow.
You can walk in joy or you can walk in discouragement.
You can walk in joy or you can walk in hurts.
You can walk in joy.
You can walk in disappointments.
You can walk in fear.
You can walk in joy.
You can walk in whatever offense.
Come on, that's kind of a big buzz word.
The choice is yours today.
Again, I can't choose for you.
You can't choose for me.
But even the darkest of times, we must choose to extract the joy out of the moment and press into God's presence.
Mary and Elizabeth had to choose for themselves to move into the atmosphere of God's presence.
After Elizabeth blesses Mary, Mary responds and she doesn't panic, but she praises.
She says, oh, my soul praises.
the Lord.
Now some translations say, my soul magnifies.
In other words, it enlarges my praise.
In other words, she's saying, God, I make you bigger than my fear.
God, I make you bigger than my circumstance.
God, I make you bigger than the clutter in my life.
God, you are bigger than my confusion.
God, you're bigger than anything.
In Habakkuk chapter three, it says, even though the figs, I'm like, I need to listen to this, even though the fig trees have no blossom.
There's no grapes on the vine, even though the olive crop fails and the fields lie empty and barren.
Even though the flocks die in the fields and the cattle barns are empty, yet I will praise, I will rejoice in the Lord my God.
I will be joyful in the God of my salvation.
Joy is not the absence of problems.
Joy is the presence of Jesus.
Even though nothing's working.
Even though my bank accounts empty.
Even though my relationships are struggling.
Even though my kids won't talk to me.
Even though my job just fired me.
Even though I just got a call from the doctor and it is a sound game.
Yet I will rejoice.
I will choose joy.
If you're here today and joy feels distant, maybe it's not gone, maybe it's just buried.
Maybe it's buried beneath the wrapping paper, the worry, the business, the expectations of life.
But here's the goodness.
Jesus came to bring joy, a joy that the world can't give, but a joy they can't take away.
Today,
You must choose joy.
Let's pray.
God, we call out to you right now.
Today, God, we choose joy.
Lord, amongst the clutter, amongst the difficulty, amongst the frustrations, amongst the fear and the doubt and the confusion.
Lord, we sidestep all of that and we, we make a sharp turn and we step into your presence.
because your word declares it in your presence, there's fullness of joy.
So today, God, we allow your presence to consume our lives.
Well, not just filling in a few cracks, but Lord, consuming every morsel.
We thank you, God.
We praise you with your heads bowed and your eyes closed.